the Falcon 50 e^x like every Falcon jet
ever produced is part of a rich
aeronautical heritage unique among all
business jet manufacturers it can launch
long distance flights out of short
runways high altitude air fields and on
blistering hot days there is no more
agile more capable midsize jet yet made
the cabin is large nearly 24 feet long
over 6 feet wide and with a maximum
floor to ceiling height of 71 inches 3
digitally controlled allied signal
tfe731 40 turbofan engines supply power
as a result the Falcon 50 e X climbs
directly to an initial cruise altitude
of 41,000 feet in just 24 minutes and
with a service ceiling of 49,000 feet
the Falcon can avoid traffic and weather
airplane operates great been very
reliable in its operating every day now
so nothing needs to be done to keep it
running and keep the client the
beautiful 8 passenger interior features
- 4 placed double Club configurations
the seats are finished in tan leather
complemented by the rich high gloss
African mahogany cabinetry polished
bronze plating tan carpeting and natural
brown accents found throughout the cabin
cabin amenities include a folding
cockpit jump seat and aft full-service
laboratory additional cabin amenities
include new iridium to channel SATCOM
and Air Show 4000 systems dual DVD
players rosin plug inside ledge monitors
a 15 inch LCD flat screen cabin monitor
a fax machine and large oxygen bottle
the spacious forward galley offers a
coffee maker and Tia high-temperature
oven it flies great flies like a falcon
50 is supposed to fly which is wonderful
probably one of the best flying
airplanes there is and all our pilots
seem to love it particularly this one
the Falcon 50 e^x serial number 275
legendary status as the best design best
built and best flying airplane in its
class
celebrating over 20 years of excellence